StudyBlockChain
Let's start by creating a class called "Block", which will store the time when the block was created (timestamp), the data that we write to it (data), its hash (hash) and the nonce value (complexity of block creation). I consider it unnecessary to store anything else in the block.
So, the main class of the library is the static class Blockchain.cs. It will store the chain of blocks. We would create the “AddBlock” method in it, where the block will be created. In it, we write the zero block "genesis", which means the birth, creation time and prvHash, which indicates the last hash block. Next, you need to create a method for getting the hash, it will be called "getHash".
In the method, we use the SHA256 algorithm by including the "using System.Security.Cryptography;" directive. A hash is used as a fixed-size unique value that represents a large amount of data. The hashes of two sets of data must match if and only if the corresponding data also matches. Small changes in the data lead to large unpredictable changes in the hash.
The approach to the hashing algorithm is implemented in the same way. Blockchain contains a list of all blocks in the data warehouse, as well as sublists for separating blocks by type (data blocks, blocks with data about users, blocks with data about IP addresses of servers). Blocks are also retrieved from local storage. At the moment, a correct algorithm for merging these two chains has not been implemented. A genesis block is a single initial block in a chain. It is always generated according to the same rules for all blockchain instances. After the chain is instantiated, it is fully validated to ensure that no changes have been made.
Also, the Blockchain class implemented several more methods, such as editing a block, passing verification, saving and loading.
Let's start by changing the block. The method changes the block data and time needed to verify the user in the next "Verification" method. In this method, we take the data and time of the block, add its nonce value and the hash of the previous block to them, put it all into the "getHash" method and compare it with the hash of the current block. If everything is fine, we take the next block and carry out the same manipulations. If not, stop checking.
